c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.component.js
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.module.js
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\main.js
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\main.js.map
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.component.js
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.module.js
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\main.js
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\main.js.map
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.component.js
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.module.js
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\main.js
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\main.js.map
c:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.component.js
c:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.component.js.map
c:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.module.js
c:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.module.js.map
c:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\main.js
c:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\main.js.map
C:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.component.js
C:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.component.js.map
C:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.module.js
C:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\app.module.js.map
C:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\main.js
C:\Users\patrick\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularSolution\src\AngularWeb\wwwroot\app\main.js.map
